#24: Added entry point (#25)
exasol/sphinx-github-pages-generator: README.rst

This project provides a python library for accessing automatic generation of sphinx GitHub pages 
for a given repository. It is intended for the use with a Continuous Integration solution.
Developed using GitHub Actions.
We are using Sphinx for generating the documentation,
because it is the default documentation tool for Python projects.

> Sphinx supports reStructuredText with proper cross-document references.
> We using the MyST-Parser to also integrate markdown files into the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sphinx supports reStructuredText with appropriate cross-document references.
We use the MyST-Parser to also integrate markdown files into the documentation.
```

In a Nutshell
=============

Motivation
----------

Using Sphinx for building the documentation of a project in the CI is a bit different to the steps you can use during coding,
because it also contains the preparations for publishing. At the moment, we publish
the documentation on Github Pages.

> To publish it there, the HTML needs to be build from the documentation source and committed. It also needs to be ensured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish it there, the HTML needs to be built from the documentation source and committed. It also needs to be ensured
```
